Do you believe in haints? Of course I believe in haints. Everybody ought to believe in haints. Why shouldn't I believe in haints? Lord have mercy, I've seen enough of them down here.

When have I seen a haint? Well, just day before yesterday, I was down here hunting with my dog. He threw the squirrel, I can see him right now. You know a bar tree, there's a leaf on that tree, a bar limb, and that old red-eyed squirrel looking over the limb.

I see them red eyes, I can't pay no attention to them red eyes. I just level down, I let go right towards his eyes. Shuts, I ain't missed nothing since I was 12 years old in my 22. No, I ain't.

And me and that dog walk around and around that tree for half, 15 minutes looking for that there squirrel. There weren't no squirrel there. 

All of a sudden I stop. I see myself that there squirrel was a haint. 

Oh, glory, I come on out there, too. I ain't been back down that bottom since, no, sir.

Oh, just I believe in haints. I've seen plenty of haints. You know them two fellas what was drownded down here? Well, them's haints still down here. Of course, there's, you can see them right now every day, every night down here. Or you can run into them almost every night.

That's me, I don't fish on this part of the river no more. No, because they put these haint catfish on your line. Of course, you do, you hear them ringing your bell. You hear them ringing your bell, and he goes out there, and there ain't no catfish there.

And you know, you know, that man what was drowned down here, then.

Me and my wife had them just the other night. We had the motor running. We had them stop right outside the gate. We had the chain draper on the latch of the gate. We had the gate creak and sag. We had them come on through there.

My wife said, "Get up and see who got out there." 

I said, "I got them. I'll walk out there."

They weren't nobody out there. They wasn't nothing. The gate was shut. The lock was locked.

You don't believe in haints? You don't believe in haints? You can believe whatever. I just feel sorry for you there.